{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green22\blue24;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c10980\c11373\c12157;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You will first type in the class as indicated in the question and then submit it. Once submitted, you can click Next to view the Instructor Example, where the solution will be shown for you to cross-check.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa192\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf2 \cb3 Questions for this assignment\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Create a class called CurrencyConverter (CurrencyConverter.java) and it includes:\cb1 \
\cb3 1. Following\'a0
\f1\b int
\f0\b0 \'a0variables representing\'a0
\f2\i currency\'a0exchange rates
\f0\i0 \'a0for different countries relative to\'a0
\f1\b 1 US dollar
\f0\b0 .\'a0 For instance the first variable is rupee and it has a value 63\'a0 indicating that 1 US dollar is equal to 63 rupees. Similarly, second\'a0 variable is dirham and it has a value 3\'a0indicating that 1 US dollar is\'a0 equal to 3 dirhams. Last 4 variables are a bit different and are\'a0 included to remind you\'a0about certain aspects of variable names, which\'a0 were discussed in the lectures: (a) _yen & $australian indicate that\'a0 variables can start with underscore and dollar in addition to letter\'a0 (same applies to methods & class names too), b) variable name dollar\'a0 is not initialized with a value, i.e., it gets a default of 0. c) Final\'a0 variable is Rupee and it is different from the first variable rupee as\'a0 both have different cases (keep in mind that Java is case-sensitive). In\'a0 reality, currency exchange rates are real numbers like 63.52 and will be\'a0 represented by other data types, but for now let's not worry about\'a0 that.\cb1 \
\cb3 rupee = 63;\cb1 \
\cb3 dirham = 3; // UAE\cb1 \
\cb3 real = 3;\'a0 // brazilian\'a0 \'a0 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 chilean_peso = 595;\cb1 \
\cb3 mexican_peso = 18;\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 _yen = 107;\cb1 \
\cb3 $australian = 2;\'a0 // australian dollar\cb1 \
\cb3 dollar;\cb1 \
\cb3 Rupee = 63;\cb1 \
\cb3 2. In the same class write a method called\'a0
\f3\i\b printCurrencies
\f0\i0\b0 () whose return type is void and it should\'a0
\f1\b print all
\f0\b0 \'a0the variables declared above in the class. Below are two sample print statements and they would print 'rupee: 63' & '$australian: 2'. The '+' symbol within the print statements acts as\'a0
\f1\b concatenation operator
\f0\b0 , which\'a0
\f3\i\b concatenates
\f0\i0\b0 \'a0(appends) the thing on its right to the thing on left. In the first print statement, the thing on right is the variable rupee whose value 63 is appended to the thing on left, which is the text "rupee: ". We know that '+' is used for addition and that is the case when we are dealing with\'a0
\f2\i only
\f0\i0 \'a0numeric values. However, when Strings are involved (the text "rupee: " in double quotes is a string), then it would work as concatenation operator. Concatenation operator will be discussed in detail when we discuss Strings later on.\cb1 \
\cb3 void printCurrencies() \{\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0System.out.println("rupee: " + rupee);\'a0 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0System.out.println("$australian: " + $australian);\cb1 \
\cb3 \}\cb1 \
\cb3 3. Include a main method and it should include following statements. As we know, the first statement creates an object and in the second statement we are invoking the printCurrencies() method on the created object.\cb1 \
\cb3 CurrencyConverter cc = new CurrencyConverter();\cb1 \
\cb3 cc.printCurrencies();\cb1 \
\cb3 In addition to submitting your solution, I would also suggest to go ahead and actually code the entire class (CurrencyConverter.java) in the basics directory and compile and then run it and you should see all the currencies and their values printed.\cb1 \
}